com/example/myapplication/music.java
 com.example.myapplication.music
 com.example.myapplication.music$1
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$4
com/example/myapplication/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.myapplication.LoginSync
 com.example.myapplication.LoginSync$1
 com.example.myapplication.LoginSync$loginCallback
com/example/myapplication/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.GetFavourite
 com.example.myapplication.GetFavourite$1
 com.example.myapplication.GetFavourite$GetFavouriteCallBack
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LayoutMusicBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LayoutMusicBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/myapplication/Favourite.java
 com.example.myapplication.Favourite
 com.example.myapplication.Favourite$1
com/example/myapplication/musicAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.AddFavourite
 com.example.myapplication.AddFavourite$1
 com.example.myapplication.AddFavourite$AddFavouriteCallBack
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$OnItemClickCallback
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$ViewHolder$2
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$ViewHolder$3
 com.example.myapplication.musicAdapter$ViewHolder$3$1
com/example/myapplication/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.AddUserSync
 com.example.myapplication.AddUserSync$1
 com.example.myapplication.AddUserSync$AddUpdateNoteCallback
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity$4
 com.example.myapplication.RegisterActivity$5
com/example/myapplication/UserDao.java
 com.example.myapplication.UserDao
com/example/myapplication/CommentActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.AddCommentAsync
 com.example.myapplication.AddCommentAsync$1
 com.example.myapplication.AddCommentAsync$AddUpdateNoteCallback
 com.example.myapplication.CommentActivity
 com.example.myapplication.CommentActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.CommentActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.CommentActivity$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.CommentActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.getData
 com.example.myapplication.getData$1
 com.example.myapplication.getData$getDataCallback
com/example/myapplication/Comment.java
 com.example.myapplication.Comment
 com.example.myapplication.Comment$1
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/UserDatabase.java
 com.example.myapplication.UserDatabase
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCommentBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCommentBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/myapplication/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.HomeActivity
 com.example.myapplication.HomeActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/User.java
 com.example.myapplication.User
 com.example.myapplication.User$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
